Promtail: Add new target for receiving GCP PubSub Push messages (#6777)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/clients/promtail/configuration.md

# Describes how to scrape logs from the Windows event logs.
[windows_events: <windows_events_config>]

> # Configuration describing how to pull/receive GCP Logs.
> [gcplog: <gcplog_config>]

Reviewer: Maybe it's obvious, but I'd like to spell out what GCP means.
```suggestion
# Configuration describing how to pull/receive Google Cloud Platform (GCP) logs.
[gcplog: <gcplog_config>]
```

When using the `push` subscription type, keep in mind:
- The `server` configuration is the same as [server](#server), since Promtail exposes an HTTP server for target that requires so.
- An endpoint at `POST /gcp/api/v1/push`, which expects requests from GCP PubSub message delivery system.

```yaml
# Type of subscription used to fetch logs from GCP. Can be either `pull` (default) or `push`.
[subscription_type: <string> | default = "pull"]

# If the subscription_type is pull,  the GCP project ID
[project_id: <string>]

# If the subscription_type is pull, GCP PubSub subscription from where Promtail will pull logs from
[subscription: <string>]

# If the subscription_type is push, the server configuration options
[server: <server_config>]

# Whether Promtail should pass on the timestamp from the incoming GCP Log message.
# When false, or if no timestamp is present in the syslog message, Promtail will assign the current
# timestamp to the log when it was processed.
[use_incoming_timestamp: <boolean> | default = false]

# Label map to add to every log message.
labels:
  [ <labelname>: <labelvalue> ... ]
```

### Available Labels

> When Promtail receives GCP logs, various internal labels are made available for [relabeling](#relabeling). This depend on the subscription type chosen.

Reviewer: I'm approving the docs in this PR even without this change.  Please do make this small change, as it fixes a typo.
```suggestion
When Promtail receives GCP logs, various internal labels are made available for [relabeling](#relabeling). This depends on the subscription type chosen.
```

[use_incoming_timestamp: <bool> | default = false]
```

### GCP Log

> The `gcplog` block configures Promtail receive GCP logs. It has two possible strategies for doing so, depending on how the 
> `subscription_type` attribute is configured:
> 1. **Pull**: Using GCP PubSub [pull subscriptions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/pull). Promtail will consume log messages directly from the configured GCP PubSub topic.
> 2. **Push**: Using GCP PubSub [push subscriptions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/push). Promtail will expose an HTTP server, to which GCP will deliver logs.
> 
> When picking the `push` subscription type, keep in mind the following:

Reviewer: Thanks for accepting all these small changes! I'm also copying spelling of "Pub/Sub" from Google Cloud documentation.
```suggestion
The `gcplog` block configures how Promtail receives GCP logs. There are two strategies, based on the configuration of `subscription_type`:
- **Pull**: Using GCP Pub/Sub [pull subscriptions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/pull). Promtail will consume log messages directly from the configured GCP Pub/Sub topic.
- **Push**: Using GCP Pub/Sub [push subscriptions](https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/push). Promtail will expose an HTTP server, and GCP will deliver logs to that server.

When using the `push` subscription type, keep in mind:
```

> - The `server` configuration is the same as [server](#server), since Promtail exposes an HTTP server for target that requires so.
> - An endpoint at `POST /gcp/api/v1/push`, which expects requests from GCP PubSub message delivery system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `server` configuration is the same as [server](#server), since Promtail exposes an HTTP server for the target that requires it to be the same.
- An endpoint at `POST /gcp/api/v1/push`, which expects requests from a GCP Pub/Sub message delivery system.
```

```yaml
# Type of subscription used to fetch logs from GCP. Can be either `pull` (default) or `push`.
[subscription_type: <string> | default = "pull"]

> # [pull] GCP project ID
> [project_id: <string>]
> 
> # [pull] GCP PubSub subscription from where Promtail will pull logs from
> [subscription: <string>]
> 
> # [push] Server configuration options
> [server: <server_config>]

Reviewer: Since we're using the square brackets ([]) to indicate optional configuration parameters, I'd like to eliminate them from the description prose.  My preference is to state the subscription_type in the sentence, as in this suggestion:
```suggestion
# If the subscription_type is pull,  the GCP project ID
[project_id: <string>]

# If the subscription_type is pull, GCP PubSub subscription from where Promtail will pull logs from
[subscription: <string>]

# If the subscription_type is push, the server configuration options
[server: <server_config>]
```

# Whether Promtail should pass on the timestamp from the incoming GCP Log message.
# When false, or if no timestamp is present in the syslog message, Promtail will assign the current
# timestamp to the log when it was processed.
[use_incoming_timestamp: <boolean> | default = false]

# Label map to add to every log message.
labels:
  [ <labelname>: <labelvalue> ... ]
```

### Available Labels

When Promtail receives GCP logs, various internal labels are made available for [relabeling](#relabeling). This depend on the subscription type chosen.

> **Pull**

Reviewer: How about if we make this easier to skim for our readers?
```suggestion
**Internal labels available for pull**
```

Author: Sure!

- `__gcp_logname`
- `__gcp_resource_type`
- `__gcp_resource_labels_<NAME>`

> **Push**

Reviewer: And, same here as a suggestion for push:
```suggestion
**Internal labels available for push**
```

- `__gcp_message_id`

> - `__gcp_attributes_*`: All attributes read from `.message.attributes` in the incoming push message. Each attribute key is conveniently renamed since it might contain unsupported characters. For example for `logging.googleapis.com/timestamp` it's converted to `__gcp_attributes_logging_googleapis_com_timestamp`.

Reviewer: This might be easier to parse and read:
```suggestion
- `__gcp_attributes_*`: All attributes read from `.message.attributes` in the incoming push message. Each attribute key is conveniently renamed, since it might contain unsupported characters. For example, `logging.googleapis.com/timestamp` is converted to `__gcp_attributes_logging_googleapis_com_timestamp`.
```
